---
layout: update
date: 2024-06-25
title: Azure Cloud Service (extended support) deployment provider
platform: windows
---

**Azure Cloud Service (extended support)** deployment provider has been released to production.

Just a reminder, Azure Cloud Service (classic) deployments must be migrated to Azure Cloud Service (extended support) **before August 31, 2024**.

[Azure Cloud Service (extended support) provider documentation](https://www.appveyor.com/docs/deployment/azure-cloud-service-extended-support/)

Some notable differences of "extended support" provider from "classic":

* `.cscfg` file: `<NetworkConfiguration>` section [must be added](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-ca/azure/cloud-services-extended-support/deploy-prerequisite#1-virtual-network).
* `.csdef` file: `Small`, `Medium`, `Large`, etc. machine sizes [must be changed](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-ca/azure/cloud-services-extended-support/deploy-prerequisite#1-virtual-machine-sizes) to `Standard_*` sizes from "Standard" tier.
* There are no "Staging" and "Production" deployments slots anymore - multiple cloud services must be deployed instead.
* Deployment storage for cloud service packages (`.cspkg`) could be both "classic" and "general purpose" - migrate to ARM-based "general purpose" at any time after migration.
* RDP is configured in deployment provider settings. RDP configuration in `.csdef` and `.cscfg` is ignored and can be safely deleted.
* WAD diagnostics is configured in deployment provider settings. WAD configuration in `.cscfg` is ignored and can be safely deleted. "Diagnostics config" in provider settings is `<PublicConfig>` node of `diagnostics.wadcfgx` of cloud service project.
* SSL certificate is stored in Azure Key Vault.

Let us know if you have any questions.

Thanks,
AppVeyor Team